18  algorithms are stimuli-blind. Thus, this is another place where machine learning could be integrated into the algorithm. Letting an algorithm “see” by itself is far easier than providing the complete information of every stimulus used every time.   6. CONCLUSION  
Overall, the prototype system developed during this study has successfully achieved the goals of constructing an accurate and robust fixation detection method and producing realistic 3D visualizations for eye-tracking data. The system has enabled car designers and engineers to examine and analyze both the customers’ and their own visual behavior, making it possible to integrate the 3D gaze data as an additional layer into the virtual modelling of the product, and  visualize customers’ input in a useful way. The expected outcome of this study is focused more on the inventory of the method for collecting and representing gaze data, rather than defining or studying use cases under different scenarios (e.g.,  driving, parking, and so forth) for future user behavior research and evaluation.  In feature evaluation of a design product, analysis in gaze fixation data are beneficial. However, the study in the 3D representation of gaze fixation data is still too little. The intent of this thesis was to construct a robust and accurate method for the identification of fixations, as well as an appropriate technique to visualize them. In this paper, a combination of I-VT and DBSCAN algorithms is proposed as the fixation identification approach, which was proven to have the optimum performance across various metrics in the pilot studies and the lateral comparisons. A modified heat map, a cluster plot, the convex hulls, and the textual information together compose the complete visualization scheme, making the solution concise and easy to use without the requirement of any prior knowledge in eye-tracking.  To implement the proposed system, a VR head-mounted display with a built-in eye tracker was used. The geometry and appearance designers could easily record, analyze, and visualize eye-tracking data with the system. Four applications of this toolset were raised within the department of perceived quality:   Ranking the visibilities in different areas of the car.  Making comparisons between different design releases (vertically).  Possibly extracting generalized interaction patterns among all car models (horizontally comparison).   Prioritizing input requirements (e.g., the gap between the car hood and the headlight).  The potential further improvements of this study are mainly in designing the fixation identification algorithm and the reliability of the visualization, as well as a comprehensive definition of use cases and corresponding evaluation method. The accuracy of the eye movement classification still needs to be studied with more in-depth research. Simultaneously, the visualization should also involve more quantitative analysis to provide reliable suggestions to the aesthetic designer as the primary consumer of such a system.   ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS  
I would like to thank my supervisor Christopher Peters for all the helpful discussions and suggestions. Thanks to my supervisors at Volvo Cars, Ola Wagersten and Karin Nordvall, for creating the opportunity to conduct this study that strongly appealed to me, as well as all the guidance and help in the work-life at Volvo Cars. Thanks to Timmy Ghiurau from the Human-Centric Lab at Volvo Cars for the support of the experiments. Many thanks to the participants, m y  f r i e n d s  a n d  f a m i l y  f o r  a l l  t h e  i n v a l u a b l e  f e e d b a c k  a n d  patience.   
REFERENCES  
 
Andersson, R., Larsson, L., Holmqvist, K., Stridh, M., & Nyström, M. (2016). One algorithm to rule them all? An evaluation and discussion of ten eye movement event-detection algorithms. Behavior Research Methods. 

 Goldstein, E. B., & Brockmole, J. (2016). Sensation and perception. Cengage Learning. 

 Larsson, G. (2010). Evaluation Methodology of Eye Movement Classification Algorithms. 

 Lawson, G., Salanitri, D., & Waterfield, B. (2016). Future directions for the development of virtual reality 19  within an automotive manufacturer. Applied ergonomics, 53, 323-330.  
 Olsen, A. (2012). The Tobii I-VT fixation filter. Tobii Technology, 1-21. 

 Smith, M. (2018). Unity 2018 cookbook: over 160 recipes to take your 2D and 3D game development to the next level. Packt Publishing Ltd.  

 Stylidis, K., Wickman, C., & Söderberg, R. (2015). Defining perceived quality in the automotive industry: an engineering approach. Procedia CIRP, 36, 165-170. 

 Tim H. (2019). Expert eye tracking tips.  https://www.tobiipro.com/blog/expert-eye-tracking-tips/  

