minimizing downtime. A multitude of people, be it in commu-
nications, support, or management can beneﬁt from accessing
data on how services are performing, when a failure is affect-
ing products, and by extension also affecting customers. We
argue that there is potential in further exploring the concept of
how to convey monitoring data to non-developers and thereby
also lowering the thresholds to data which otherwise could be
kept within a developer circle; enabling transparency and data
democratization within an organization.
Additionally, our initial literature study found textbooks [7,
20] on dashboard design, but as mentioned by Yigitbasioglu
and Velcu, Alhamadi and Sarikaya et al. the scientiﬁc litera-
ture on dashboards is scarce and general guidelines are hard to
come by. We would like to echo the sentiments expressed by
Yigitbasioglu and Velcu and Sarikaya et al., as by continuing
to examine case studies and surveys on dashboard implemen-
tations, it is possible to gain insights into ﬂaws in dashboard
design which prevent their success.
CONCLUSION
We aimed to determine the prevalent design lessons for build-
ing a dashboard that supports operators with limited domain
knowledge of software development and microservice archi-
tecture in their task of monitoring online media applications.
Using a participatory design approach, a prototype was de-
signed together with developers, operators and stakeholders.
The dashboard prototype was evaluated through a think-aloud
protocol which became subject to a thematic analysis. The
thematic analysis rendered three themes: language differences
between developers and operators, consistency across views
and states, and lastly, context switches, system integration and
automation. In addition to the think-aloud protocol, partici-
pants were asked to perform a system usability scale survey
(SUS). The resulting SUS score for the prototype is placed
between "good" and "excellent" on the adjective ratings by
Bangor, Kortum, and Miller 
. Our design exercise has ex-
plored how microservice monitoring data can be presented
to operators in a dashboard and we see a potential in fur-
ther exploring how data of this nature can be conveyed to
a non-developer audience, to enable transparency and data
democratization within an organization.
References

 John Brooke. “SUS: A quick and dirty usability scale”.
In:Usability Eval. Ind. 189 (Nov. 1995).

 Marcus Frisell. “Information visualization of microser-
vice architecture relations and system monitoring: A
case study on the microservices of a digital rights man-
agement company - an observability perspective”. MA
thesis. KTH, 2018, p. 11. URL:https : / / www . diva -
portal.org/smash/record.jsf?pid=diva2%5C%3A1240044&
dswid=6877 .

 Clay Spinuzzi. “The Methodology of Participatory De-
sign”. In: Technical Communication 52 (May 2005),
pp. 163–174.

 Steve Wexler, Jeffrey Shaffer, and Andy Cotgreave.
The big book of dashboards: visualizing your data us-
ing real-world business scenarios . John Wiley & Sons,
2017.

